hello this is a chi belly and welcome to
another tech demo for let's play radiant
historia this time I'm going to
demonstrate a few different ways of
arranging the screens for the video here
because a lot of people said that they
didn't care for the raw source smile
here so what I'm doing here for the
initial setup is I'm just showing you
here's how it is originally in the
original source file no changes or
editing done whatsoever for this video I
am going to demonstrate how time travel
works in a side quests how you have to
go between timelines or back and forth
and so on there may be some minor
spoilers in this video especially if you
read all texts but uh you know no one
dies or gets betrayed here now you see
how there's that staircase going right
up the middle there where it was you
know disjointed like that that's because
when you're playing on the original vs
it expects the two screens there to be a
gap in there which there is it now
here's another method that was brought
to my attention by Necroscope 86 where
he enlarges the main screen so that way
it's easier to see but then he puts the
sub screen on the right there which is
smaller because I mean well for the most
part you don't really care about it but
I like having such the Sun screen there
so that way you can
you know see what's going on there I'm
accessing the menu or safe during your
cutscene that uses both screens here so
that way at least you see it but an
enlarged at the main screen so that way
you can grieve everything didn't see
everything that's rather important the
only problem I have with this one or the
main problem I have with it is that lets
say there's a cut a bitch cutscene with
that utilizes both screens one on top of
the other like you saw back a historian
air you know that wouldn't really work
too well here not to mention there is
quite a bit of black space still there
I've recorded this video in full screen
or wipes just you know I here's another
method that I think I do like also made
by a green a link another guy who it's
basically similar to the way Necroscope
made his videos except you have the two
screens on the right there I duplicate
the bottom screen they're the exact same
time there so that way you can see like
if there's a cutscene you can look on
the right side to see oh so that's how
the two screens work together like that
or if you just want to see you know the
main action you can just look at the big
screen there and it shows you know you
can see everything all at once they're
like that the only drawback that I see
to this method is that like right now as
you can see it kind of looks a little
weird seeing the same screen twice in
one video but i like it because you can
see you know whatever you want you know
whether you want to see the main action
or both screens and there's very little
black space too so i gotta like this
message i think that this is probably my
preferred method but out what i'm gonna
do is I've got a poll going on my forms
right now you guys can vote on whatever
method you like there's a few methods
other methods that I tried or that I saw
like 10 guy made a video he went out of
his way to do this to stretch the video
the raw video a little bit to make it
take out more of the screen and it
actually looked all right to me but a
lot of people didn't want other people
didn't really care for it so a lot of
people i also saw only did the main
screen for their video and I don't
really care for that either you can't
see the top screen so vote now it's on
my forms there I've got a link in the
video description this is DC Bailey
signing off have a good day